=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

DateSelectSimple.js

=head1 SYNOPSYS
    
  // JavaScript
  var dss = DateSelectSimple.create({size: 10});
  $("#date_select").append(dss.component());

  // HTML
  <div id="date_select"></div>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

DateSelectSimple is simple component to select date.
This is dependent on only C<jQuery>. 

DateSelectSimple has the following features.

=over 4

=item *

This component is consist of select filed, you can specify virtical size.

=item *

You can select date after changing year or month.

=item *

You can append it to the parent as many.

=item *

Date format support

=item *

Empty item support

=item *

Callback function executed after changing date.

=back

If you want to see examples, see C<example.pl> in same directory.
You can execute it if you install Perl module L<Mojolicious>

    % cpan Mojolcious
    
    % morbo example.pl
    
    http://localhost:3000

I check DateSelectSimple on Chrome, IE7, IE8, Firefox5.

=head1 ATTRIBUTE METHODS

=head2 C<change>

  var change = dss.change();
  dss = dss.change(callback);

Callback function when date is selected.
by callback function first argument, You can receive
C<jQuery> object, which is select field for date select
  
  dss.change(function (date_select) {
    var selected = date_select.children(':selected')
    var value = date_select.val();
    var text = date_select.text();
  })

=head2 C<caption_format>
    
  var caption_format = dss.caption_format();
  dss = dss.caption_format("%Y/%m");

Caption format, default to C<%Y-%m>.

%Y is year, %m is month.

=head2 C<days>

    var days = dss.days();
    dss = dss.days(["Sun", "Mon", "Tue", "Wed", "Thu", "Fri", "Sat"]);

Week day names,
default to ["Sun", "Mon", "Tue", "Wed", "Thu", "Fri", "Sat"].

=head2 C<empty_item>

  var empty_item = dss.empty_item();
  dss = dss.empty_item(true);

If this value is true, empty item is append to top of select field,
default to C<false>.

=head2 C<name>

  var caption = dss.name();
  dss = dss.name("date_select");

Select field C<name> attirubte value, default to C<date>.

=head2 C<size>

  var size = dss.size();
  dss = dss.name(5);

Select field virtical size, default to C<1>.

=head2 C<text_format>

  var text_format = dss.text_format();
  dss = dss.text_format("%Y/%m/%d(%a)");

Select filed text format, default to C<%Y-%m-%d(%a)>.

%Y is year, %m is month, %d is month day, %a is week day.

=head2 C<value_format>

  var text_format = dss.value_format();
  dss = dss.value_format("%Y/%m/%d");

Select field C<value> format, default to C<%Y-%m-%d>.

%Y is year, %m is month, %d is month day, %a is week day.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 C<component>

    var component = dss.component();

Get C<jQuery> object indicating date select component.
This method must be called after attribute settings finished.

=head2 C<create>

    var dss = DateSelectSimple.create({size: 5});

Create a new DateSelectSimple object.

=head2 C<popup>

    var popup = dss.popup({x: 50, y: 50});

Get C<jQuery> object indicating popup window which contain date select component.
This method must be called after attribute settings fininsed.

=head1 BUGS

Please tell me bugs if found.

C<< <kimoto.yuki at gmail.com> >>

L<http://github.com/yuki-kimoto/DateSelectSimple.js>

=head1 AUTHOR

Yuki Kimoto, C<< <kimoto.yuki at gmail.com> >>

=head1 COPYRIGHT & LICENSE

Copyright 2009-2011 Yuki Kimoto, all rights reserved.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
